
Sample Lease or Rental Agreement from https://altoona.psu.edu/offices-divisions/student-affairs/off-campus-living/sample-lease-rental-agreement

By this agreement made at [location], PA on the [day of the month] day of [month], [year], the Landlord [landlord name] and the Tenant [tenant name] agree as follows:

    1. Property
    The landlord hereby leases to Tenant for the term of this agreement
        the property located at: [property address]
        And
        the furniture and appliances on that property:
        [description of furniture and appliances, if applicable]
    2. Term
    The term of this lease is for [duration of lease], beginning on [start date], and ending on [end date]. At the expiration of said term, the lease will automatically be renewed for a period of one month unless either party notifies the other of its intention to terminate the lease at least one month before its expiration date.
    (or)
    At the expiration of said term, the lease will expire unless the tenant gives a written notice at least 15 days before the termination date of the lease. Thereafter, the lease will automatically be renewed for periods of one month until either party notifies the other of its intention to terminate the lease. The notice of termination will be in writing and will be effective on the next rental date no less than 30 days after the date of the notice.
    3. Rent
    Tenant agrees to pay rent in the amount of [monthly rent amount] per month, each payment due on the [day of the month] day of each month and to be made at:
    [Landlord address]
    4. Utilities/Services
    Landlord agrees to provide the utilities and services indicated: [circle all utilities and services that apply]
        electricity
        gas
        water
        garbage collection
        snow removal
        other
    5. Deposit
    Tenant has paid a deposit of $[deposit amount] of which Landlord acknowledges receipt. Upon regaining possession of the property, Landlord shall refund to Tenant the total amount of the deposit less any damages to the property, normal wear and tear expected, and less any unpaid rent.
    6. Refund Procedures
        Forwarding Address—Tenant shall provide Landlord with a forwarding address at which the Landlord can send him/her the deposit refund.
        Landlord shall return the entire deposit to Tenant within 15 days after retaking possession; or shall return so much of the deposit as exceeds any damages done to the property during the Tenant’s residence, normal wear and tear expected, and any unpaid rent. If the Landlord returns any amount less than the full deposit, he/she shall also provide a written itemized list of damages and charges.
        Tenant maintains the right to sue Landlord for any portion of the deposit not returned to him/her which
        the tenant believes he/she is entitled.
    7. Inventory Checklist
    The Tenant is provided with an Inventory Move-In Checklist attached to this lease. The Tenant shall note the conditions of each item on the checklist and return a copy to the Landlord within 10 days after taking possessions. If the Landlord objects to inclusions of any item, he/she shall notify the Tenant in writing within 10 days. The Tenant and Landlord shall note the condition of each item on the checklist after the Tenant returns possession to the Landlord and shall give a copy to the other party.

    The Landlord may not retain any portion of the Security Deposit for damages noted in the Move-Out Checklist to which the Landlord did not object.
    8. The Parties Also Agree
        Tenant shall not sublease nor assign the premises without the written consent of the Landlord (but this consent shall not be withheld unreasonably).
        The Landlord may not enter the premises without having given tenant at least 24 hours notice, except in case of emergency. Landlord may enter to inspect, repair, or show the premises to prospective buyers or tenants if notice is given.
        Tenant agrees to occupy the premises and shall keep the same good condition, and shall not make any alternations thereon without the written consent of the landlord.
        Landlord agrees to regularly maintain the building and grounds in a clean, orderly, and neat manner. Landlord further agrees not to maintain a public nuisance and not to conduct business or commercial activities on the premises.
        Tenant agrees not to use the premises in such a manner as to disturb the peace and quiet of other tenants in the building. Tenant further agrees not to maintain a public nuisance and not to conduct business or commercial activities on the premises.
        Tenant shall, upon termination of this Agreement, vacate and return the swelling in the same condition that it was received, less reasonable wear and tear, and other damages beyond the Tenant’s control.
        Any alternations to this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by all parties. We, the undersigned, agree to this Lease:

Signatures
[include signatures and printed names of landlord and tenant]

